---
title: "Honolulu Dead Night 4"
---



HSJ's fourth appearance at Honolulu Dead Night inadvertently illustrated our informal band motto: "We may stumble, but we do not fall."  Once again, Steve Howells was pinch-hitting for Paul Perrone who was still recovering from an elbow injury. On top of that, Kevin Holder came down with COVID five days before the gig, and so Forrest Simpson stepped up with only a few days notice to learn 20 tunes.  Had anyone else gone down, we would have needed to rename the band "(Hardly) Hardly Strictly Jerry".

{% include image.html image="2023-04-01.jpg" %}

Despite this adversity, we managed to have a great time and the crowd was vocal, appreciative, and high energy. It was super fun.

First Set: Truckin, Bertha, Good Lovin, Brown-Eyed Women, Mississippi Half-Step, Bird Song, Althea, After Midnight, Throwing Stones

Second Set: Estimated Prophet, Eyes of the World, Quinn the Eskimo, Touch of Grey, Evangeline, Samson and Delilah, Not Fade Away, GDTRFB, Not Fade Away

Encore: Dancing in the Streets


## Video Vignette: Eyes of the World

I think it's safe to say that Eyes had the least number of trainwrecks.

{% include video.html id="8qmAkniHnm4" provider="youtube" %}


## Set 1

I provided our otherwise really excellent sound engineer a thumb drive in order to get soundboard recordings, but he forgot to plug it in for the first set.  So this is the iPhone camera sound:

{% include video.html id="vwCYbbgNQK0" provider="youtube" %}


## Set 2

The sound for Set 2 is from the soundboards. I learned how to adjust the mix dynamically during each song using GarageBand. That was kinda fun.

{% include video.html id="Jf8OgfW63Xo" provider="youtube" %}


## The poster

{% include image.html image="posters/poster-2023-04-01.png" %}
